## More Weaponry v1.19 Patch (v1.19.3+1.19)

### Bugfixes
- [MW-#25; Black Horns Tooltip Translation Error](https://github.com/DakotaPride/More-Weaponry/blob/master/changelog/bugfixes/MW-%2325.txt)
- [MW-#26-A; Bleeding Effect Causes Target To Instantly Kill Attacker/Players](https://github.com/DakotaPride/More-Weaponry/blob/master/changelog/bugfixes/MW-%2326.txt)
- [MW-#26-B; Bleeding Effect Causes Target To Not Deal Any Damage](https://github.com/DakotaPride/More-Weaponry/blob/master/changelog/bugfixes/MW-%2326.txt)
- [MW-#27; Numbing Effect Having Similar Cause/Case Of MW-#26-B](https://github.com/DakotaPride/More-Weaponry/blob/master/changelog/bugfixes/MW-%2327.txt)
- [MW-#28; Crackler Skull Breaking Particles Texture Is Invalid](https://github.com/DakotaPride/More-Weaponry/blob/master/changelog/bugfixes/MW-%2328.txt)
- [MW-#29; Sickened Husk Skull Loot Table Missing](https://github.com/DakotaPride/More-Weaponry/blob/master/changelog/bugfixes/MW-%2329.txt)

### Other Minor Changes
- Updated Translation Files
- Able To Craft Warden Step Music Disc
- Addition Of Other Items/Features (Find a Detailed List Below)

### Addition Of Features
#### Items
- Forgotten Music Sheet

Will be a new rare drop for the Bard mob, and can be used to craft other items.

- Corrupted Eye Of Ender

Will be a new rare drop for the Watcher mob, and can be used to craft other items.

- Poisonous Fang

Will be a new rare drop for the Wanderer mob, and can be used to craft other items.

- Ticking Heart

Will be a new rare drop for the Crackler mob, and can be used to craft other items.

- Life Core

Will be a new rare drop for the Sickened mob, and can be used to craft other items.

- Dusted Life Core

Will be a new rare drop for the Sickened Husk mob, and can be used to craft other items.

- Celestialite Plate

Crafting Ingredient (Can only be obtained through crafting)

- Celestialite Ingot

Crafting Ingredient (Can only be obtained through smelting Celestialite Rock)

- Celestialite Rock

Crafting Ingredient (Obtained Through Mining Celestialite Rock Ore Without Silk Touch)



#### Blocks
- Celestialite Rock Ore

Generates At The Very Bottom Of The World (Below y=0)

#### Fluids
- Boss Celestialite Variants (Watcher, Wanderer, Bard, Sickened, Crackler, Sickened Husk)

#### Structure Changes
- Cavernous Fortress (darkest_cavern_fortress)

Now Generates In More Biomes! [See List Here!](https://github.com/DakotaPride/More-Weaponry/blob/master/src/main/resources/data/moreweaponry/tags/worldgen/biome/has_structure/darkest_cavern_biomes.json)

Altered 'darkest_cavern_fortress_bridge_one' to include new fluid, which will be used to craft new items

#### Effects
- Cold Blooded

Removes any type of ticking damage from vanilla effects (Poison And Withering)

Can only be obtained through holding the Fang Of Venom Artifact, dropped by the Wanderer